nombre: z
correo: z
cargo: z
numero_cedula: z
nombre_jefe: z
numero_telefono_jefe: z
estado: Miranda
municipio: z
nombre_organismo: z
instancia: z
cantidad_denuncias: z
cantidad_reclamos: z
cantidad_quejas: z
cantidad_peticiones: z
cantidad_sugerencias: z
cantidad_asesorias: z
cantidad_poblacion_masc: z
cantidad_poblacion_fem: z
cantidad_talleres_oipp: z
cantidad_charlas_oipp: z
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: z
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: z
cantidad_forochats_oipp: z
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: z
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: z
nombre_escuela_se: z
cantidad_actividades_se: z
cantidad_talleres_se: z
cantidad_charlas_se: z
cantidad_conversatorios_se: z
cantidad_jornadas_se: z
cantidad_forochats_se: z
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: z
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: z
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: z
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: z
nombre_ministerio_ap: z
cantidad_actividades_ap: z
cantidad_talleres_ap: z
cantidad_charlas_ap: z
cantidad_jornadas_ap: z
cantidad_forochats_ap: z
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: z
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: z

nombre: z
correo: z
cargo: z
numero_cedula: z
nombre_jefe: z
numero_telefono_jefe: z
estado: Miranda
municipio: z
nombre_organismo: z
instancia: z
cantidad_denuncias: z
cantidad_reclamos: z
cantidad_quejas: z
cantidad_peticiones: z
cantidad_sugerencias: z
cantidad_asesorias: z
cantidad_poblacion_masc: z
cantidad_poblacion_fem: z
cantidad_talleres_oipp: z
cantidad_charlas_oipp: z
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: z
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: h
cantidad_forochats_oipp: z
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: z
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: z
nombre_escuela_se: z
cantidad_actividades_se: z
cantidad_talleres_se: z
cantidad_charlas_se: z
cantidad_conversatorios_se: z
cantidad_jornadas_se: z
cantidad_forochats_se: z
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: z
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: z
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: z
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: z
nombre_ministerio_ap: z
cantidad_actividades_ap: z
cantidad_talleres_ap: z
cantidad_charlas_ap: z
cantidad_jornadas_ap: z
cantidad_forochats_ap: z
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: z
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: z

